.TH vobsub2srt 1 "17 June 2013"
.SH NAME
vobsub2srt \- converts vobsub (.idx/.sub) into .srt subtitles
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBvobsub2srt\fR [\fIOPTION\fR] \fIFILENAME\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
vobsub2srt converts subtitles in vobsub (.idx/.sub) format into the .srt format.  VobSub subtitles contain images and srt is a text format.  OCR is used to extract the text from the subtitles.  vobsub2srt uses tesseract for OCR and is based on code from the MPlayer project.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fIFILENAME\fR
File name of the subtitles \fBWITHOUT\fR the .idx or .sub extension. The .srt subtitles are written to a file called \fIFILENAME\fR.srt.
.TP
\fB\-\-dump\-images\fR
Dump the subtitles as images (format \fIFILENAME\fR-\fINUMBER\fR.pgm in PGM format).
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print more information about the file (e.g. subtitle languages)
.TP
\fB\-\-lang\fR \fIlanguage\fR
Select the language of the subtitle (two letter ISO 639-1 code e.g. en for English or de for German).  Use \fI--langlist\fR to see the languages in the subtitle file.
.TP
\fB\-\-langlist\fR
List languages and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-index\fR \fIindex\fR
The index of the subtitle to convert.  Use this instead \fI--lang\fR if there are several streams with the same language.  Combining \fI--lang\fR and \fI--index\fR does not work!
.TP
\fB\-\-ifo\fR \fIifo-file\fR
To use a specific IFO file. Default: \fIFILENAME\fR.IFO is tried. IFO file is optional!
.TP
\fB\-\-tesseract-lang\fR \fIlanguage\fR
Set the language to be used by tesseract.  This is auto detected and normally does not has to be changed.  If however you need special language settings (e.g., deu-frak, chi_sim, chi_tra) use this option.
.TP
\fB\-\-tesseract-data\fR \fIpath\fR
Set path to tesseract-data.
.TP
\fB\-\-blacklist\fR \fIblacklist\fR
Blacklist characters for OCR (e.g. |\\/`_~<>)
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
  $ \fBvobsub2srt \-\-lang en foobar\fR
.fi
Converts the English language subtitles from the VobSub files \fIfoobar.idx\fR/\fIfoobar.sub\fR to srt subtitles in \fIfoobar.srt\fR.
.nf
  $ \fBvobsub2srt \-\-lang zh \-\-tesseract-lang chi_sim foobar\fR
.fi
Converts the chinese language subtitles using simplified chinese (chi_sim) characters.
.SH HOMEPAGE
For more information see \fIhttp://github.com/ruediger/VobSub2SRT\fR
.SH AUTHOR
R\[:u]diger Sonderfeld <\fIruediger -AT- c-plusplus -DOT- de\fR>
